---
title: Tools of the Trade
date: 2021-07-13 00:00:00 -0400
categories: blog
---

# {title}

I feel like every programmer at some point catalogs all of their gadgets and software. Here are mine!

## Software

### VSCode

I've tried every editor out there: WebStorm, Brackets, Komodo Edit, Nova, Sublime, TextWrangler, BBEdit, oh my. I keep coming back to VSCode because it's cross platform, has excellent extension support, and runs well on my 2015 MacBook Pro.

#### VSCode Extensions

The extensions I have installed are in constant flux, but there are a few I can't go without at this point:

1. [Search Lights](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=radiolevity.search-lights): I made a VSCode theme! It's meant to be easy to look at for a long time. I spent a long time tooling the color relationships to be subtle and informative. Please give it a try, and let me know what you think!
2. [VSCode Vim](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscodevim.vim): I got used to vim keybindings during a college CS class that required using vim for all of the quizzes and assignments, and ever since I can't function without it.
3. [Python Language Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python): the various language plugins I have change over time, except this one. I use Python whenever I just need to write a quick script for something. I've been experimenting with switching to Node for my day to day data-manipulation tasks, but for the time being nothing beats Python.

Bonus: I just started using **GitHub Copilot** a few weeks ago, and it's pretty cool. I love VSCode's autocomplete, and this extension is a super-powered version of it. I am hesitant to use it for anything serious, though, before questions of licensing are nailed down. Also, it can be a little weird to have to check autogenerated code for bugs—but it's quickly become part of my workflow.

### [NeoVim](https://neovim.io/)

I love Vim as an editor, and NeoVim is even better. When it comes to command-line editors, look no further.

### [kitty](https://sw.kovidgoyal.net/kitty/)

A minimalist terminal emulator that does everything I need it to, no more, no less. Definitely the cutest option, as well. kitty also has a lot of interesting techniques to keep it running blazingly fast.

### zsh

I use zsh with a few modifications as my terminal. [PowerLevel10k](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k) and [zsh-autosuggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions) are the two I like the most.

## Hardware

### Keyboard

I alternate between my MacBook's built-in keyboard and a custom mechanical keyboard I put together. (For the nerds: an olkb Preonic with a silver aluminum case, steel plate, 65g Zilents, and DSA Vilebloom keycaps.)

### Drawing tablet

I switched to iPad Pro + Apple Pencil in 2017 and haven't looked back. All of my digital art is done in Procreate with 💜.
